# Hero Challenge
Intended Challenge for SW Dev Application Finalists (2023)

A popular and frustrating 'gotcha' question in job interviews is "Who is your 
personal hero, and why?"

We would like to spin this awful question on its head: Using the tools 
provided, you will need to supply a little, low-syntax Python, JavaScript, 
HTML, CSS, and JSON to **generate a fan page** to a noun (person, place, or 
thing) that you draw inspiration from. This could be your hero, but we're not 
looking to judge you on taste. Please avoid providing a platform for 
overt bigots, sexual predators, mass-murderers, and NSFW content.

## Requirements:
1. A Free Personal Github Account
2. Install:
   * [Git](https://github.com/git-guides/install-git)
   * [Python 3.x](https://www.python.org/downloads/)
   * [Conda](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/install/index.html)

## Steps:
1. Clone this repository
   * `git clone https://github.com/Ecotrust/hero_challenge_public.git`
2. Create your conda/python environment
   * `cd hero_challenge`
   * `conda env create -f environment.yml`
   * `conda activate hero`
   * [More info](https://docs.conda.io/projects/conda/en/latest/user-guide/tasks/manage-environments.html)
4. Install additional requirements:
    * Be sure to have activated your `hero` environment: 
        * `(hero)` should precede your command prompt
        * If not, do not proceed, but review step 2 carefully
    * `pip install -r requirements.txt`
2. Run Jupyter Notebook
    * `jupyter notebook`
    * This command will open Jupyter Notebook in your default browser automatically.
       * Your terminal will now be tied up running the Jupyter server. 
       * If you need to quit, use the 'quit' button in the running web page.
       * If you need to quit and already closed the webpage, use ctrl+d (or Mac equivalent)
    * Open the file "My Hero.ipynb" under the 'Files' tab
3. Follow the provided instructions filling out the blanks
4. Ensure that your solution fulfills the project specs (below)

## Project Specs:
1. Result includes necessary HTML, JS, and CSS to:
   * Display a webpage without errors in Chrome, FireFox, Edge, and Safari
   * The webpage includes a map element with properly projected geo information
   * Both the webpage and the map include custom styling
   * The webpage focuses on a consistent topic
2. The files for this webpage are generated by modifying the Jupyter notebook
provided, and utilize the included tools:
   * The Python MediaWiki API
   * OpenLayers
3. The code is delivered via committing your work and any resulting generated 
files to the provided private GitHub repository.
4. While we love the spirit of creativity, the project is not to include 
alternative frameworks (NodeJS, Vue, React, etc...). Not even jQuery or 
Bootstrap.
5. We encourage all participants to limit their work to 4 hours or less - 
We know more time means more flashy, exciting, even sexy results, but we
wish to recognize that not all participants have the privilege to commit that
much time in just 1 week, and that they'd otherwise be at a disadvantage.

## Other Notes:
You will be graded on more than just meeting specs, and we will not
share specifics other than:
  * We expect to see good coding conventions (these apply to all languages)
  * We shared in the info session and FAQ the hint: 
    ```Commit early. Commit often.```
